Another thing we used to do down the park, we'd get an old box, pull it apart
and we'd use that as a sledge down that grassy bank and we'd literally wear the
bank to an awful yellow color. We'd kill the grass altogether. Do you remember that?
Yeah, I was too big to do that.
Too big? Oh I wasn't.
Yeah, but I remember it. I mean we went sledging you see in Cumtaitha.
Where in Cumtaitha did you say?
Where Llauhtlan. Behind the church, there's a field there with a jump in the middle, a ditch running across it.
And that used to be one and then the other one was the field above Llauhtlan.
And you sledged down into Llauhtlan and so on and so on until you could get across that field which was flat.
You climbed down the bank from what's another place on the top? Glance Earth.
You climbed up the hill to Glance Earth and then sledged down.
Right.
And the other place that I think of we used to do it down the lane from Glance Earth.
Hello, how are you? Would you like to sit down?
Oh heaps, here please. Yeah there's millions. Photographs everywhere.
Yeah.